# About-Me
I have over 8 years of experience playing the saxophone and 5 of those years were me playing the tenor saxophone. I started off playing the alto saxophone when I was around 10-11 years old. The reason why I started playing the saxophone was because of concert band in grade 5 and I decided to go with the alto saxophone because most of the students in my class chose either the flute, or the clarinet and I wanted to do something different. Prior to this moment, I had experience with playing the violin and guitar, but since neither of these instruments require you to play from your mouth, I wanted to try something different compared to my comfort zone which was playing using my fingers.

After 3 years of playing the alto sax, I started playing the tenor sax when I moved into high school and joined both concert and jazz band. One reason why I switched over to the tenor saxophone was because everyone in my class played the alto sax and by having someone play the tenor saxophone, there would be a balance between low and high pitched sounds. That was my initial reason, but one thing that I've realised through playing the tenor sax was that I want more weight/power in my sound than say a alto sax, where the sound is higher and lighter. With the alto sax, you play more as a band with the other members but with the tenor sax, you are more distinctive with your sound and feel like the backbone of the band.

Due to my reasons of wanting weight in my sound to feel more impactful, I tried to play the baritone saxophone, which was the biggest and heaviest saxophone that I've tried. Although I enjoyed playing it, it was a little too heavy for me, especially when I tried to play it while standing up so I instead went back to playing the tenor saxophone. 
